=== Create Clinic
Used to create clinic

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/create-clinic/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/create-clinic/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/create-clinic/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/create-clinic/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Clinics
Used to fetch clinics

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/list-clinics/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/list-clinics/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/list-clinics/http-response.adoc[]
==== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/list-clinics/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Get Clinic
Used to fetch clinic by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/get-clinic/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/get-clinic/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/get-clinic/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/get-clinic/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Clinic
Used to delete clinic by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/delete-clinic/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/delete-clinic/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/delete-clinic/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-controller-test/delete-clinic/path-parameters.adoc[]

=== Create Clinic Location
Used to create Clinic Location

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/create-clinic-location/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/create-clinic-location/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/create-clinic-location/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/create-clinic-location/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/create-clinic-location/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Clinic Location
Used to fetch Clinic Location by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/get-clinic-location/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/get-clinic-location/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/get-clinic-location/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/get-clinic-location/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== List Clinic Locations
Used to fetch Clinic Locations by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/list-clinic-locations/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/list-clinic-locations/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/list-clinic-locations/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/list-clinic-locations/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Clinic Location
Used to delete Clinic Location by clinicLocationId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/delete-clinic-location/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/delete-clinic-location/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/delete-clinic-location/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-location-controller-test/delete-clinic-location/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Clinic Department
Used to create Clinic Department

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/create-clinic-department/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/create-clinic-department/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/create-clinic-department/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/create-clinic-department/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Clinic Department
Used to fetch Clinic Department by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/get-clinic-department/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/get-clinic-department/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/get-clinic-department/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/get-clinic-department/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== List Clinic Departments
Used to fetch Clinic Departments by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/list-clinic-departments/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/list-clinic-departments/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/list-clinic-departments/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/list-clinic-departments/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Clinic Department
Used to delete Clinic Department by clinicDepartmentId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/delete-clinic-department/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/delete-clinic-department/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/delete-clinic-department/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-department-controller-test/delete-clinic-department/path-parameters.adoc[]

=== Create Clinic User
Used to create Clinic User

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/create-clinic-user/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/create-clinic-user/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/create-clinic-user/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/create-clinic-user/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Clinic User
Used to fetch Clinic User by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/get-clinic-user/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/get-clinic-user/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/get-clinic-user/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/get-clinic-user/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== List Clinic Users
Used to fetch Clinic Users by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/list-clinic-users/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/list-clinic-users/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/list-clinic-users/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/list-clinic-users/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Clinic User
Used to delete Clinic User by clinicUserId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/delete-clinic-user/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/delete-clinic-user/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/delete-clinic-user/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/delete-clinic-user/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Update Clinic User
Used to update Clinic User By ClinicUserId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/update-clinic-user/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/update-clinic-user/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/update-clinic-user/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-controller-test/update-clinic-user/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Create Clinic User Task
Used to create Clinic User Task

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/create-clinic-user-task/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/create-clinic-user-task/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/create-clinic-user-task/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/create-clinic-user-task/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Clinic User Task
Used to fetch Clinic User Task by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/get-clinic-user-task/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/get-clinic-user-task/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/get-clinic-user-task/http-response.adoc[]


=== List Clinic Users Tasks
Used to fetch Clinic Users Task by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/list-clinic-user-tasks/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/list-clinic-user-tasks/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/list-clinic-user-tasks/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/list-clinic-user-tasks/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Update Clinic User Task
Used to update Clinic User Task By ClinicUserTaskId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/update-clinic-user-task/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/update-clinic-user-task/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/update-clinic-user-task/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/update-clinic-user-task/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Delete Clinic User Task
Used to delete Clinic User Task by clinicUserTaskId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/delete-clinic-user-task/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/delete-clinic-user-task/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/delete-clinic-user-task/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-user-task-controller-test/delete-clinic-user-task/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Clinic-Workflow
Used to create Clinic-Workflow

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/create-clinic-workflow/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/create-clinic-workflow/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/create-clinic-workflow/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/create-clinic-workflow/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Clinic-Workflow
Used to fetch Clinic-Workflow by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/get-clinic-workflow/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/get-clinic-workflow/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/get-clinic-workflow/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/get-clinic-workflow/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== List Clinic-Workflows
Used to fetch Clinic-Workflows

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/list-clinic-workflows/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/list-clinic-workflows/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/list-clinic-workflows/http-response.adoc[]


=== Delete Clinic-Workflow
Used to delete Clinic-Workflow by clinicWorkflowId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/delete-clinic-workflow/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/delete-clinic-workflow/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/delete-clinic-workflow/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/clinic-workflow-controller-test/delete-clinic-workflow/path-parameters.adoc[]


