=== Create Position
Used to create position

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/create-position/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/create-position/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/create-position/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/create-position/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/create-position/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Positions by Position Type
Used to fetch positions by position type

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/list-positions/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/list-positions/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/list-positions/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/list-positions/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/list-positions/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Position
Used to delete position by clinicId & positionId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/delete-position/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/delete-position/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/delete-position/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/delete-position/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/position-controller-test/delete-position/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Treatment Stage
Used to create treatment stages

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/create-treatment-stage/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/create-treatment-stage/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/create-treatment-stage/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/create-treatment-stage/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/create-treatment-stage/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Treatment Stages
Used to fetch treatment stages by stage type

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/list-treatment-stages/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/list-treatment-stages/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/list-treatment-stages/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/list-treatment-stages/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/list-treatment-stages/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Treatment Stage
Used to delete treatment Stage by clinicId & treatmentStageId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-treatment-stage/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-treatment-stage/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-treatment-stage/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-treatment-stage/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-treatment-stage/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Treatment Meta
Used to create treatment meta

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/create-treatment-meta/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/create-treatment-meta/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/create-treatment-meta/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/create-treatment-meta/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/create-treatment-meta/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Treatment Meta
Used to fetch treatment metas by clinicId & metaType

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/list-treatment-metas/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/list-treatment-metas/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/list-treatment-metas/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/list-treatment-metas/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/list-treatment-metas/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Treatment Meta
Used to delete treatment meta by clinicId & treatmentMetaId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/delete-treatment-meta/curl-request.adoc
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/delete-treatment-meta/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/delete-treatment-meta/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/delete-treatment-meta/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-meta-controller-test/delete-treatment-meta/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Immobilization Device
Used to create immobilization device

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/create-immobilization-device/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/create-immobilization-device/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/create-immobilization-device/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/create-immobilization-device/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/create-immobilization-device/request-fields.adoc[]

=== List Immobilization Devices
Used to fetch immobilization device by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/list-immobilization-devices/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/list-immobilization-devices/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/list-immobilization-devices/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/list-immobilization-devices/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Immobilization
Used to delete immobilization by clinicId & immobilizationDeviceId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/delete-immobilization-device/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/delete-immobilization-device/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/delete-immobilization-device/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/delete-immobilization-device/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/immobilization-device-controller-test/delete-immobilization-device/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Fusion
Used to create fusion

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/create-fusion/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/create-fusion/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/create-fusion/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/create-fusion/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/create-fusion/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Fusion
Used to fetch fusions by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/list-fusions/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/list-fusions/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/list-fusions/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/list-fusions/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Fusion
Used to delete fusion by clinicId & fusionId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/delete-fusion/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/delete-fusion/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/delete-fusion/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/delete-fusion/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/fusion-controller-test/delete-fusion/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Imaging Type
Used to create imaging type

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/create-imaging-type/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/create-imaging-type/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/create-imaging-type/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/create-imaging-type/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/create-imaging-type/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Imaging Type
Used to fetch imaging types by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/list-imaging-types/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/list-imaging-types/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/list-imaging-types/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/list-imaging-types/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Imaging Type
Used to delete imaging type by clinicId & imagingTypeId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/delete-imaging-type/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/delete-imaging-type/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/delete-imaging-type/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/delete-imaging-type/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/imaging-type-test/delete-imaging-type/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Imaging Alignment
Used to create imaging alignment

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/create-imaging-alignment/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/create-imaging-alignment/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/create-imaging-alignment/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/create-imaging-alignment/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/create-imaging-alignment/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Imaging Alignment
Used to fetch imaging alignments by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/list-imaging-alignments/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/list-imaging-alignments/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/list-imaging-alignments/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/list-imaging-alignments/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Imaging Alignment
Used to delete imaging alignment by clinicId & imagingAlignmentId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/delete-imaging-alignment/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/delete-imaging-alignment/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/delete-imaging-alignment/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/delete-imaging-alignment/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/imaging-alignment-controller-test/delete-imaging-alignment/path-parameters.adoc[]



=== Create Instruction
Used to create instruction

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/create-instruction/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/create-instruction/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/create-instruction/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/create-instruction/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/create-instruction/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Instruction
Used to fetch instructions by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/list-instructions/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/list-instructions/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/list-instructions/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/list-instructions/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Instruction
Used to delete instruction  by clinicId & instructionId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/delete-instruction/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/delete-instruction/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/delete-instruction/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/delete-instruction/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/instruction-controller-test/delete-instruction/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Medical Physics Consult
Used to create medical physics consult

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/create-medical-physics-consult/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/create-medical-physics-consult/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/create-medical-physics-consult/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/create-medical-physics-consult/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/create-medical-physics-consult/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Medical Physics Consults
Used to fetch medical physics consults by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/list-medical-physics-consults/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/list-medical-physics-consults/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/list-medical-physics-consults/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/list-medical-physics-consults/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Medical Physics Consult
Used to delete medical physics consult by clinicId & medicalPhysicsConsultId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/delete-medical-physics-consult/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/delete-medical-physics-consult/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/delete-medical-physics-consult/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/delete-medical-physics-consult/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/medical-physics-consult-controller-test/delete-medical-physics-consult/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Treatment Procedure
Used to create treatment procedure

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/create-treatment-procedure/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/create-treatment-procedure/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/create-treatment-procedure/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/create-treatment-procedure/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/create-treatment-procedure/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Treatment Procedures
Used to fetch treatment procedures by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/list-treatment-procedures/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/list-treatment-procedures/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/list-treatment-procedures/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/list-treatment-procedures/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Treatment Procedure
Used to delete treatment procedure by clinicId & treatmentProcedureId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/delete-treatment-procedure/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/delete-treatment-procedure/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/delete-treatment-procedure/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/delete-treatment-procedure/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-procedure-controller-test/delete-treatment-procedure/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Concurrent Chemotherapy
Used to create concurrent chemotherapy

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/create-concurrent-chemotherapy/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/create-concurrent-chemotherapy/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/create-concurrent-chemotherapy/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/create-concurrent-chemotherapy/request-headers.adoc[]



=== List Concurrent Chemotherapy
Used to fetch concurrent chemotherapy by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/list-concurrent-chemotherapy/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/list-concurrent-chemotherapy/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/list-concurrent-chemotherapy/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/list-concurrent-chemotherapy/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Concurrent Chemotherapy
Used to delete concurrent chemotherapy by clinicId & concurrentChemotherapyId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/delete-concurrent-chemotherapy/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/delete-concurrent-chemotherapy/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/delete-concurrent-chemotherapy/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/delete-concurrent-chemotherapy/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/concurrent-chemotherapy-controller-test/delete-concurrent-chemotherapy/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Energy
Used to create energy

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/create-energy/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/create-energy/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/create-energy/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/create-energy/request-headers.adoc[]



=== List Energies
Used to fetch energies by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/list-energy/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/list-energy/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/list-energy/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/list-energy/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Energy
Used to delete energy by clinicId & energyId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/delete-energy/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/delete-energy/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/delete-energy/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/delete-energy/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/energy-controller-test/delete-energy/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Frequency
Used to create frequency

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/create-frequency/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/create-frequency/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/create-frequency/response-body.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/create-frequency/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/create-frequency/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Frequencies
Used to fetch frequencies by clinicId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/list-frequency/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/list-frequency/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/list-frequency/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/list-frequency/request-headers.adoc[]


=== Delete Frequency
Used to delete frequency by clinicId & frequencyId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/delete-frequency/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/delete-frequency/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/delete-frequency/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/delete-frequency/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/frequency-controller-test/delete-frequency/path-parameters.adoc[]

