=== Create patient
Used to create patient

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/create-patient/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/create-patient/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/create-patient/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/create-patient/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Update patient
Used to update patient

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/update-patient/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/update-patient/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/update-patient/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/update-patient/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List patients
Used to fetch patients

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/list-patients/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/list-patients/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/list-patients/http-response.adoc[]
==== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/list-patients/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Get patient
Used to fetch patient by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/get-patient-details/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/get-patient-details/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/get-patient-details/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/get-patient-details/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete patient
Used to delete patient by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/delete-patient/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/delete-patient/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/delete-patient/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-controller-test/delete-patient/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create patient Tracker
Used to create patient Tracker

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/create-patient-tracker/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/create-patient-tracker/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/create-patient-tracker/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/create-patient-tracker/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List patient Trackers
Used to fetch patient Trackers

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/list-patient-trackers/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/list-patient-trackers/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/list-patient-trackers/http-response.adoc[]
==== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/list-patient-trackers/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Get patient Tracker
Used to fetch patient Tracker by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/get-patient-tracker/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/get-patient-tracker/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/get-patient-tracker/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/get-patient-tracker/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete patient Tracker
Used to delete patient Tracker by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create patient Tracker Step
Used to create patient Tracker Step

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/create-patient-tracker-step/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/create-patient-tracker-step/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/create-patient-tracker-step/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/create-patient-tracker-step/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get patient Tracker Step
Used to fetch patient Tracker Step by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/get-patient-tracker-step/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/get-patient-tracker-step/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/get-patient-tracker-step/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/get-patient-tracker-step/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete patient Tracker Step
Used to delete patient Tracker Step by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker-step/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker-step/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker-step/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-tracker-step-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker-step/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== List Patient Imaging Infos
Used to fetch patient imaging infos

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-imaging-info-controller-test/list-patient-imaging-info/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-imaging-info-controller-test/list-patient-imaging-info/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-imaging-info-controller-test/list-patient-imaging-info/http-response.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Imaging Info
Used to delete patient imaging info by patientImagingInfoId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-imaging-info-controller-test/delete-patient-imaging-info/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-imaging-info-controller-test/delete-patient-imaging-info/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-imaging-info-controller-test/delete-patient-imaging-info/http-response.adoc[]


=== Create / Update Patient Ancillary Care
Used to create / update Patient Ancillary Care

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-ancillary-care/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-ancillary-care/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-ancillary-care/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-ancillary-care/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Patient Ancillary Care
Used to fetch Patient Ancillary Care by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Get Patient Ancillary Care By Patient Tracker Id
Used to fetch Patient Ancillary Care by Patient Tracker ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/get-patient-ancillary-care/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Ancillary Care
Used to delete Patient Ancillary Care by Patient Tracker ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/delete-patient-ancillary-care/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/delete-patient-ancillary-care/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/delete-patient-ancillary-care/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-ancillary-care-controller-test/delete-patient-ancillary-care/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create or Update EOT Note
Used to create or update EOT Note

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/create-or-update-eot-note/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/create-or-update-eot-note/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/create-or-update-eot-note/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/create-or-update-eot-note/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get EOT Note
Used to fetch EOT Note

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/get-eot-note/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/get-eot-note/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/get-eot-note/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/eot-note-controller-test/get-eot-note/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create or Update Followup Study
Used to create or update Followup Study

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-study/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-study/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-study/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-study/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Followup Study By Patient Tracker Id
Used to fetch Followup Study by Patient Tracker ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/get-followup-study-by-patient-tracker-id/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/get-followup-study-by-patient-tracker-id/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/get-followup-study-by-patient-tracker-id/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/get-followup-study-by-patient-tracker-id/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Followup Study
Used to delete Followup Study

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/delete-followup-study/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/delete-followup-study/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/delete-followup-study/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/followup-study-controller-test/delete-followup-study/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create or Update Followup Study
Used to create or update Followup Plan

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-plan/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-plan/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-plan/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/create-or-update-followup-plan/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Followup Plan By Patient Tracker ID
Used to fetch Followup Plan by Patient Tracker ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/get-followup-plan-by-patient-tracker-id/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/get-followup-plan-by-patient-tracker-id/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/get-followup-plan-by-patient-tracker-id/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/get-followup-plan-by-patient-tracker-id/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Followup Plan
Used to delete Followup Plan

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/delete-followup-plan/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/delete-followup-plan/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/delete-followup-plan/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/followup-plan-controller-test/delete-followup-plan/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Patient Appointment
Used to create patient appointment

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/create-patient-appointment/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/create-patient-appointment/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/create-patient-appointment/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/create-patient-appointment/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Update Patient Appointment
Used to update patient appointment

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/update-patient-appointment/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/update-patient-appointment/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/update-patient-appointment/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/update-patient-appointment/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Patient Appointments
Used to fetch patient appointments

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/list-patient-appointments/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/list-patient-appointments/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/list-patient-appointments/http-response.adoc[]
==== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/list-patient-appointments/query-parameters.adoc[]


=== Get Patient Appointment
Used to fetch patient appointment by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/get-patient-appointment/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/get-patient-appointment/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/get-patient-appointment/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/get-patient-appointment/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Appointment
Used to delete patient appointment by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/delete-patient-appointment/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/delete-patient-appointment/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/delete-patient-appointment/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-appointment-controller-test/delete-patient-appointment/path-parameters.adoc[]



=== Update Patient Chart
Used to update Patient Chart

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/update-patient-chart/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/update-patient-chart/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/update-patient-chart/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/update-patient-chart/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Patient Chart By Patient Tracker ID
Used to fetch Patient Chart by Patient Tracker ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/get-patient-chart/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/get-patient-chart/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/get-patient-chart/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/get-patient-chart/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Chart
Used to delete Patient Chart

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/delete-patient-chart/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/delete-patient-chart/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/delete-patient-chart/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-chart-controller-test/delete-patient-chart/path-parameters.adoc[]



=== Create Patient Lab
Used to create patient lab

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/create-patient-lab/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/create-patient-lab/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/create-patient-lab/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/create-patient-lab/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Patient Labs
Used to fetch patient labs by patientTrackerId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/list-patient-labs/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/list-patient-labs/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/list-patient-labs/http-response.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Lab
Used to delete patient lab by patientLabId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/delete-patient-lab/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/delete-patient-lab/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/delete-patient-lab/http-response.adoc[]


=== Update Patient Lab
Used to update patient lab by patientLabId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/update-patient-lab/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/update-patient-lab/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/update-patient-lab/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-lab-controller-test/update-patient-lab/request-fields.adoc[]




=== Create Patient Note
Used to create or update patient note

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/create-patient-note/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/create-patient-note/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/create-patient-note/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/create-patient-note/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Patient Notes
Used to fetch patient notes

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/list-patient-notes/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/list-patient-notes/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/list-patient-notes/http-response.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Note
Used to delete patient note by patientNoteId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/delete-patient-note/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/delete-patient-note/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-note-controller-test/delete-patient-note/http-response.adoc[]



=== Create or Update Patient Oncology Summary
Used to create or update Patient Oncology Summary

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-oncology-summary/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-oncology-summary/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-oncology-summary/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/create-or-update-patient-oncology-summary/request-fields.adoc[]


=== Get Patient Oncology Summary By Patient Tracker Id
Used to fetch Patient Oncology Summary by Patient Tracker ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/get-patient-oncology-summary/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/get-patient-oncology-summary/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/get-patient-oncology-summary/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/get-patient-oncology-summary/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Oncology Summary
Used to delete Patient Oncology Summary

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/delete-patient-oncology-summary/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/delete-patient-oncology-summary/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/delete-patient-oncology-summary/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-oncology-summary-controller-test/delete-patient-oncology-summary/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Patient Treatment Goal
Used to create Treatment Goal

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-goal/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-goal/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-goal/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-goal/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Patient Treatment Goals
Used to fetch patient Treatment Goal by patientTrackerId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-goals/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-goals/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-goals/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-goals/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Treatment Goal
Used to delete patient Treatment Goal by patientTreatmentGoalId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-goal/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-goal/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-goal/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-goal/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Update Patient Treatment Goal
Used to update patient Treatment Goal by patientTreatmentGoalId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-goal/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-goal/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-goal/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-goal/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-goal-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-goal/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Patient Prescription
Used to create Patient Prescription

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/create-patient-prescription/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/create-patient-prescription/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/create-patient-prescription/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/create-patient-prescription/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Patient Prescriptions
Used to fetch Patient Prescriptions by patientTreatmentInfoId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/list-patient-prescriptions/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/list-patient-prescriptions/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/list-patient-prescriptions/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/list-patient-prescriptions/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Prescription
Used to delete Patient Prescription by patientPrescriptionId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/delete-patient-prescription/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/delete-patient-prescription/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/delete-patient-prescription/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/delete-patient-prescription/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Update Patient Prescription
Used to update Patient Prescription by patientPrescriptionId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/update-patient-prescription/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/update-patient-prescription/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/update-patient-prescription/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/update-patient-prescription/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-prescription-controller-test/update-patient-prescription/path-parameters.adoc[]

=== Create Patient Treatment Info
Used to create Patient Treatment Info

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-info/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-info/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-info/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/create-patient-treatment-info/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Update Patient Treatment Info
Used to update Patient Treatment Info

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-info/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-info/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-info/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/update-patient-treatment-info/request-fields.adoc[]


=== List Patient Treatment Info
Used to fetch Patient Treatment Info by patientTrackerId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-info/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-info/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-info/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-info/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Get Patient Treatment Info
Used to fetch Patient Treatment Info by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/get-patient-treatment-info/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/get-patient-treatment-info/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/get-patient-treatment-info/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/get-patient-treatment-info/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Treatment Info
Used to delete Treatment Info by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-info/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-info/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-info/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-info-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-info/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Bulk Create Patient Treatment Stage
Used to create Patient Treatment Stage

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-create-patient-treatment-stage/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-create-patient-treatment-stage/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-create-patient-treatment-stage/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-create-patient-treatment-stage/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-create-patient-treatment-stage/path-parameters.adoc[]

=== Bulk Update Patient Treatment Stage
Used to update Patient Treatment Stage

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-update-patient-treatment-stage/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-update-patient-treatment-stage/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-update-patient-treatment-stage/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-update-patient-treatment-stage/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/bulk-update-patient-treatment-stage/path-parameters.adoc[]

=== List Patient Treatment Stages
Used to fetch Patient Treatment Stage by patientTrackerId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-stages/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-stages/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-stages/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/list-patient-treatment-stages/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Treatment Stage
Used to delete Treatment Stage by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-stage/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-stage/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-stage/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-treatment-stage-controller-test/delete-patient-treatment-stage/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Patient Vitals Sign
Used to create Patient Vitals Sign

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/create-patient-vitals-sign/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/create-patient-vitals-sign/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/create-patient-vitals-sign/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/create-patient-vitals-sign/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Update Patient Vitals Sign
Used to update Patient Vitals Sign

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/update-patient-vitals-sign/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/update-patient-vitals-sign/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/update-patient-vitals-sign/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/update-patient-vitals-sign/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/update-patient-vitals-sign/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== List Patient Vitals Sign
Used to fetch Patient Vitals Sign by patientTrackerId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/list-patient-vitals-signs/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/list-patient-vitals-signs/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/list-patient-vitals-signs/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/list-patient-vitals-signs/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Get Patient Vitals Sign
Used to fetch Patient Vitals Sign by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/get-patient-vitals-sign/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/get-patient-vitals-sign/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/get-patient-vitals-sign/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/get-patient-vitals-sign/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Patient Vitals Sign
Used to delete Patient Vitals Sign by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/deleted-patient-vitals-sign/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/deleted-patient-vitals-sign/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/deleted-patient-vitals-sign/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/patient-vitals-sign-controller-test/deleted-patient-vitals-sign/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Create Treatment Team
Used to create Treatment Team

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/create-treatment-team/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/create-treatment-team/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/create-treatment-team/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/create-treatment-team/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Update Treatment Team
Used to update Treatment Team

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/update-treatment-team/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/update-treatment-team/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/update-treatment-team/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/update-treatment-team/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/update-treatment-team/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== List Treatment Teams
Used to fetch Treatment Teams by patientTrackerId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/list-treatment-teams/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/list-treatment-teams/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/list-treatment-teams/http-response.adoc[]


=== Get Treatment Team
Used to fetch Treatment Team by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/get-treatment-team/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/get-treatment-team/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/get-treatment-team/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/get-treatment-team/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Delete Treatment Team
Used to delete Treatment Team by ID

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/http-response.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/treatment-team-controller-test/delete-patient-tracker/path-parameters.adoc[]

