=== Create Sim Template
Used to create sim template

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/create-sim-template/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/create-sim-template/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/create-sim-template/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/create-sim-template/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/create-sim-template/request-headers.adoc[]


=== List Sim Templates
Used to fetch sim templates

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/sim-nursing-task-controller-test/list-sim-nursing-tasks/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/sim-nursing-task-controller-test/list-sim-nursing-tasks//http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/sim-nursing-task-controller-test/list-sim-nursing-tasks//http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete Sim Template
Used to delete sim template by simTemplateId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/delete-sim-template/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/delete-sim-template/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/delete-sim-template/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/delete-sim-template/request-headers.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/delete-sim-template/path-parameters.adoc[]


=== Update Sim Template
Used to update sim template by simTemplateId

==== Sample Curl Request
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/update-sim-template/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Request
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/update-sim-template/http-request.adoc[]
==== Sample Http Response
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/update-sim-template/http-response.adoc[]
==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/update-sim-template/request-fields.adoc[]
==== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/sim-template-controller-test/delete-sim-template/path-parameters.adoc[]
